---
layout: post
title: What to do before Ber Months 2022?
description: Getting back on my feet after short hiatus in coding
---
Time is gold. It's finite, and so the errands too. Academics and life preparations. Sometimes it wasn't procrastination that ate up my time. It was figuring out how could I get myself back on track and in very healthy state, because doing so much yet bear no fruit is wasteful. Something efficient has to be implemented. I did one thing: organizing my tasks in schedule. Great, but here's a problem: sudden errands that get in your way. One simple errand could screw up your schedule, let alone a getaway out of the blue. This problem took me week or two to recover my usual schedule. When it comes to getaways, planning ahead is a must. That is not always the case unfortunately. Overthinking also contributes to the problem, so empty your mind if you're about to burnout.

My longest streak in self-paced learning was 3 months. This is outside of online education, which is also self-paced but this one is voluntary. Being a self-taught learner requires strong self-discipline due to tendency of slacking in-between. I'm guilty of this. So I took another approach when studying: Pomodoro technique. Instead of making a schedule with fixed time, I tried hard to fit my routine into my daily tasks whether it is morning or night. Using Pomodoro technique, I was able to do my tasks in the interval of 25 minutes per round, 5 minutes break and 15 minute break per 3 rounds. It worked.


### The next thing

Before I wrote this blog, I conceived a roadmap on my mind for my next things. These are the following so far:

* To move the blog pages outside Github Pages.
* To move the app pages outside this github.io repo including the Axie ROI calculator.
* To revamp this Github page with my own theme.
* To add CSV export in my Battery Consumption Calculator app, applying UNIX timestamp for easier time calculation in every 1% consumed.
* To create some frugality calculator. Financial literacy is much needed these days.
* To rewrite my Telegram bot for readable open source version. I have to make sure my future self can understand my code as well.
* To stay fit and healthy.


That's all.
